## Internationalization
The library supports localization in multiple languages. All available languages are stored in the database in the `lang` table.

Language switching depends on the language selected by the user's session or system settings (default language).

After launching the program, the library recursively scans the directory `/app/module/class`, looking for files with the template `lang.{2 letter}`. Where `2 letter` is the language code according to ISO 639-1.  
These files serve as templates for the respective pairs __Module__-__Class__.
Each file must be in [TOML](https://toml.io/) format.
The first part is the key, which can be used in the controller, the second part is the translation itself.

For example, you have created a file `lang.en`
```toml
title="Title of main page"
pay="Pay button"
```
Then in the controllers, to get the corresponding key, you need to call the function `this.lang("key")`.
```rust
pub async fn index(this: &mut Action) -> Answer {

    let title = this.lang("title");
    let pay = this.lang("pay");

    this.set("title", title);
    this.set("pay", pay);
    
    this.render("index")
}
```
If no file is created for the installed language, the function `this.lang` will return the name of the key.
___
In the database for storing text data in several languages, it is recommended to use the jsonb type in the form of an array of strings.
Each array index corresponds to an indexed field from the `lang.index` database.
___
In debug, when the `#[cfg(debug_assertions)]` attribute is set, the library checks for changes in language files at each new connection, and automatically loads the changes.
In the release, when the `#[cfg(debug_assertions)]` attribute does not work, the library loads the language files only once, when the application starts.
___
Next => Database [https://github.com/tryteex/tiny-web/blob/main/doc/Database.md](https://github.com/tryteex/tiny-web/blob/main/doc/Database.md)  
Index => Contents [https://github.com/tryteex/tiny-web/blob/main/doc/Index.md](https://github.com/tryteex/tiny-web/blob/main/doc/Index.md)  